text,label
Don know wait i will check it.,0
How did you find out in a way that didnt include all of these details,0
Was a nice day and impressively i was sensible went home early and now feel fine. Or am i just boring?! Whens yours i cant remember.,0
No my blankets are sufficient thx,0
Free video camera phones with Half Price line rental for number mths and number cross ntwk mins number txts. Call MobileUpd number number or Call number OptOut number,1
I forgot number ask all smth Theres a card on da present lei How? all want number write smth or sign on it?,0
number FREE TAROT TEXTS! Find out about your love life now! TRY number FOR FREE! Text CHANCE to number number only! After number Free Msgs currency number each,1
Shall i start from hear.,0
K k yesterday i was in cbe .,0
Ill probably be around mu a lot,0
What happened to our yo date?,0
K my roommate also wants a dubsack and another friend may also want some so plan on bringing extra Ill tell you when they know for sure,0
What time should I tell my friend to be around?,0
O shore are you takin the bus,0
Somebody set up a website where you can play hold em using eve online spacebucks,0
Valentines Day Special! Win over currency number in our quiz and take your partner on the trip of a lifetime! Send GO to number now. number pmsg rcvd. CustCare: number,1
Be happy there. I will come after noon,0
Sure! I am driving but will reach my destination soon.,0
I come n pick up Come out immediately aft ur lesson,0
Also are you bringing galileo or dobby,0
Do you mind if I ask what happened? You dont have to say if it is uncomfortable.,0
K makes sense btw carlos is being difficult so you guys are gonna smoke while I go pick up the second batch and get gas,0
Got fujitsu ibm hp toshiba Got a lot of model how to say,0
Todays Voda numbers ending number are selected to receive a ? number award. If you hava a match please call number quoting claim code number standard rates app,1
I got it before the new year cos yetunde said she wanted to surprise you with it but when i didnt see money i returned it mid january before the ltgt day return period ended.,0
K emoji i will give my kvb acc details emoji,0
Hello darlin ive finished college now so txt me when u finish if u can love Kate xxx,0
Hi emoji finally i completed the course emoji,0
Yeah probably earlier than that,0
Beautiful Truth against Gravity Read carefully: Our heart feels light when someone is in it But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it GOOD NIGHT,0
Friends that u can stay on fb chat with,0
number wonders in My WORLD number th You number th Ur style number th Ur smile number th Ur Personality number rd Ur Nature number nd Ur SMS and number st Ur Lovely Friendship good morning dear,0
number URGENT! This is the number nd attempt to contact U!U have WON currency number CALL number b number number TCsBCM number WC number N number XX. callcost number ppm mobilesvary. max currency number number,1
Oh! Shit I thought that was your trip! Loooooool That just makes SO much more sense now grins and the sofa reference was The sleep on a couch link you sent me Wasnt that how you went on your trip ? Oh And didnt your babe go with you for that celebration with your rents?,0
aathi where are you dear,0
Got but got number colours lor. One colour is quite light n e other is darker lor. Actually im done shes styling my hair now.,0
Ill be at yours in about number mins but look out for me,0
Want to send me a virtual hug? I need one,0
Aight tomorrow around ltgt it is,0
I tot u outside cos darren say u come shopping. Of course we nice wat. We jus went sim lim look at mp number player.,0
Also fuck you and your family for going to rhode island or wherever the fuck and leaving me all alone the week I have a new bong gt emoji,0
twenty past five he said will this train have been to durham already or not coz i am in a reserved seat,0
Then just eat a shit and wait for ur monkey face bitch . U asshole,0
I am not sure about night menu. . . I know only about noon menu,0
U repeat e instructions again. Wats e road name of ur house?,0
K. emoji do it at evening da emoji urgent emoji,0
Why you keeping me away like this,0
Ill talk to the others and probably just come early tomorrow then,0
Im in a meeting call me later at,0
Juz go google n search number qet,0
Thanks honey but still havent heard anything I will leave it a bit longer so not number crowd him and will try later great advice thanks hope cardiff is still there!,0
Lol! U drunkard! Just doing my hair at d moment. Yeah still up number tonight. Wats the plan?,0
ready then call me,0
Shhhhh nobody is supposed to know!,0
did u get that message,0
Hey. You got any mail?,0
it to number Your number free text messages are valid until number December number,1
Nah man my car is meant to be crammed full of people,0
Hello. No news on job they are making me wait a fifth week! Yeah im up for some woozles and weasels In exeter still but be home about number,0
U call me alter at number ok.,0
Good morning im suffering from fever and dysentry will not be able to come to office today.,0
I havent add yet right,0
Enjoy ur life. . Good night,0
Hi. Customer Loyalty Offer:The NEW Nokia number Mobile from ONLY currency number at TXTAUCTION! Txt word: START to No: number get yours Now! number TCtxt TC number pMTmsg,1
Cant believe i said so many things to you this morning when all i really wanted to say was good morning i love you! Have a beautiful morning. See you in the library later.,0
Geeeee I love you so much I can barely stand it,0
Come to me right now Ahmad,0
Im going for bath will msg you next ltgt min,0
Yep. I do like the pink furniture tho.,0
My life Means a lot to me Not because I love my life But because I love the people in my life The world calls them friends I call them my World emoji Ge emoji,0
Hey tmr maybe can meet you at yck,0
Dude we should go sup again,0
alright Ill make sure the car is back tonight,0
Sorry de i went to shop.,0
Ok pa. Nothing problem emoji,0
Looks like you found something to do other than smoke great job!,0
Hi babe its Chloe how r u? I was smashed on saturday night it was great! How was your weekend? U been missing me? SP visionsms.com Text stop to stop number ptext,1
No shit but I wasnt that surprised so I went and spent the evening with that french guy I met in town here and we fooled around a bit but I didnt let him fuck me,0
By the way ive put a skip right outside the front of the house so you can see which house it is. Just pull up before it.,0
Hi hope u r both ok he said he would text and he hasnt have u seen him let me down gently please,0
Cancel cheyyamo?and get some money back?,0
Miserable. They dont tell u that the side effects of birth control are massive gut wrenching cramps for the first number months. I didnt sleep at all last night.,0
URGENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you have won a currency number prize GUARANTEED. Call number Claim code S number Valid number hrs only,1
dating:i have had two of these. Only started after i sent a text to talk sport radio last week. Any connection do you think or coincidence?,1
Good. do you think you could send me some pix? I would love to see your top and bottom,0
Yep at dereks house now see you Sunday lt number,0
Ok Sweet dreams,0
Hows the pain dear?y r u smiling?,0
ALSO TELL HIM I SAID HAPPY BIRTHDAY,0
Cramps stopped. Going back to sleep,0
I am waiting for your call sir.,0
Its currency number to get in is that ok?,0
No he didnt. Spring is coming early yay!,0
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.,0
How stupid to say that i challenge god.You dont think at all on what i write instead you respond immed.,0
Ok. Not much to do here though. HM Friday cant wait. Dunno wot the hell im gonna do for another number weeks! Become a slob oh wait already done that!,0
Tee hee. Off to lecture cheery bye bye.,0
For sale arsenal dartboard. Good condition but no doubles or trebles!,1
She ran off with a younger man. we will make pretty babies together emoji,0
Delhi and chennai still silent.,0
Email AlertFrom: Jeri StewartSize: number KBSubject: Lowcost prescripiton drvgsTo listen to email call number,1
It will stop on itself. I however suggest she stays with someone that will be able to give ors for every stool.,0
Had your contract mobile number Mnths? Latest Motorola Nokia etc. all FREE! Double Mins Text on Orange tariffs. TEXT YES for callback no to remove from records,1
Y dun cut too short leh. U dun like ah? She failed. Shes quite sad.,0
For real when u getting on yo? I only need number more tickets and one more jacket and Im done. I already used all my multis.,0
We stopped to get ice cream and will go back after,0
Sorry da thangam very very sorry i am held up with prasad.,0
I AM AT A PARTY WITH ALEX NICHOLS,0
Well Im going to be an aunty!,0
You are being contacted by our Dating Service by someone you know! To find out who it is call from your mobile or landline number PoBox number LDNS number,1
Gud ni number dear slp well take care swt dreams Muah,0
I don wake since. I checked that stuff and saw that its true no available spaces. Pls call the embassy or send a mail to them.,0
Now whats your house again ? And do you have any beer there ?,0
Aiyah e rain like quite big leh. If drizzling i can at least run home.,0
Nothing i got msg frm tht unknown no,0
Im in chennai velachery emoji,0
Anything lar then not going home number dinner?,0
Got it. Seventeen pounds for seven hundred ml hope ok.,0
I thought id get him a watch just cos thats the kind of thing u get number an number th. And he loves so much!,0
An Amazing Quote Sometimes in life its difficult to decide whats wrong!! a lie that brings a smile or the truth that brings a tear .,0
And several to you sir.,0
Buy Space Invaders number a chance number win orig Arcade Game console. Press number for Games Arcade (std WAP charge) See o number co.ukgames number Terms settings. No purchase,1
Goodmorning today i am late for number hrs. Because of back pain.,0
Dear got bus directly to calicut,0
Ok thats great thanx a lot.,0
FREERingtone! Reply REAL or POLY eg REAL number number PushButton number DontCha number BabyGoodbye number GoldDigger number WeBeBurnin number st tone FREE and number more when u join for currency number wk,1
number s of girls many local number u who r virgins number this r ready number number fil ur every sexual need. Can u number fil theirs? text CUTE to number ( currency number p. m),1
Im vivek emoji i got call from your number.,0
Pls go ahead with watts. I just wanted to be sure. Do have a great weekend. Abiola,0
Uhhhhrmm isnt having tb test bad when youre sick,0
Hello my boytoy! I made it home and my constant thought is of you my love. I hope your having a nice visit but I cant wait till you come home to me kiss,0
Takin a shower now but yeah Ill leave when Im done,0
Fancy a shag? I do.Interested? sextextuk.com txt XXUK SUZY to number Txts cost number per msg. TnCs on website. X,1
Im reading the text i just sent you. Its meant to be a joke. So read it in that light,0
Dnt worry use ice pieces in a cloth pack.also take number tablets.,0
You busy or can I come by at some point and figure out what were doing tomorrow,0
U WILL SWITCH YOUR FONE ON DAMMIT!!,0
I am late. I will be there at,0
Ultimately tor motive tui achieve korli.,0
You in your room? I need a few,0
Play w computer? Aiyah i tok number u lor?,0
Ill be in sch fr number number I dun haf da book in sch Its at home,0
Have a lovely night and when you wake up to see this message i hope you smile knowing all is as should be. Have a great morning,0
alright babe justthought id sayhey! how u doin?nearly the endof me wk offdam nevamind!We will have number Hook up sn if uwant m number ? loveJen x.,0
Damn poor zac doesnt stand a chance,0
Okay. Ive seen it. So i should pick it on friday?,0
I know! Grumpy old people. My mom was like you better not be lying. Then again I am always the one to play jokes,0
Ur HMV Quiz cashbalance is currently currency number to maximize ur cashin now send HMV number to number only number pmsg,1
I will be gentle baby! Soon you will be taking all ltgt inches deep inside your tight pussy,0
Do you want a NEW video phone number anytime any network mins number text for only five pounds per week call number now or reply for delivery tomorrow,1
Good afternoon my boytoy. How goes that walking here and there day ? Did you get that police abstract? Are you still out and about? I wake and miss you babe,0
Wat time do u wan number meet me later?,0
Urgh coach hot smells of chip fat! Thanks again especially for the duvet (not a predictive text word).,0
Shopping? Eh ger i toking abt syd leh Haha,0
Sorry Ill call later in meeting.,0
When you just put in the sign choose my number and the pin will show. Right?,0
Just normal only here emoji,0
Pity was in mood for that. So any other suggestions?,0
Well. Balls. Time to make calls,0
PISS IS TALKING IS SOMEONE THAT REALISE U THAT POINT THIS AT IS IT.(NOW READ IT BACKWARDS),0
Okay good no problem and thanx!,0
Pls help me tell sura that im expecting a battery from hont. And that if should pls send me a message about how to download movies. Thanks,0
Auntie huai juan never pick up her phone,0
Oooh I got plenty of those!,0
Si si. I think ill go make those oreo truffles.,0
Where are the garage keys? They arent on the bookshelf,0
Free number st week entry number TEXTPOD number a chance number win number GB iPod or currency number cash every wk. Txt VPOD to number TsCs www.textpod.net custcare number,1
I am great princess! What are you thinking about me? emoji,0
K Ill take care of it,0
When u love someone Dont make them to love u as much as u do. But Love them so much that they dont want to be loved by anyone except you Gud nit.,0
Get a FREE mobile video player FREE movie. To collect text GO to number Its free! Extra films can be ordered ts and cs apply. number yrs only,1
Lol yep did that yesterday. Already got my fireplace. Now its just another icon sitting there for me.,0
Thought praps you meant another one. Goodo! Ill look tomorrow,0
Bored housewives! Chat n date now! number number ! BTnational rate number pmin only from landlines!,1
Hi where are you? Were at and theyre not keen to go out i kind of am but feel i shouldnt so can we go out tomo dont mind do you?,0
emoji,0
Can you just come in for a sec? Theres somebody here I want you to see,0
You still around? I could use a half number th,0
Yun ah.the ubi one say if wan call by tomorrow.call number look for irene.ere only got bus number number number number number number Ubi cresubi tech park number ph for number st number wkg days.n,0
Hi my email address has changed now it is,0
I was about to do it when i texted. I finished a long time ago and showered and erything!,0
You have number new voicemail. Please call number,1
I think its all still in my car,0
You are a big chic. Common. Declare,0
Keep my payasam there if rinu brings,0
Dunno lei all decide lor. How abt leona? Oops i tot ben is going n i msg him.,0
Sorry. mail?,0
SMS. ac sun number posts HELLO:You seem cool wanted to say hi. HI!!! Stop? Send STOP to number,1
Really dun bluff me leh U sleep early too. Nite,0
Ok da i already planned. I wil pick you.,0
Lemme know when I can swing by and pick up Im free basically any time after number all this semester,0
Do whatever you want. You know what the rules are. We had a talk earlier this week about what had to start happening you showing responsibility. Yet every week its can i bend the rule this way? What about that way? Do whatever. Im tired of having thia same argument with you every week. And a ltgt movie DOESNT inlude the previews. Youre still getting in after number,0
Im home. Doc gave me pain meds says everything is fine.,0
Ok. But i finish at number,0
Hey ive booked the pilates and yoga lesson already Haha,0
I dont. Can you send it to me. Plus hows mode.,0
I am in your office na.,0
We got a divorce. Lol. She.s here,0
Send his number and give reply tomorrow morning for why you said that to him like that ok,0
Just trying to figure out when Im suppose to see a couple different people this week. We said wed get together but I didnt set dates,0
Please dont text me anymore. I have nothing else to say.,0
Mm i had my food da from out,0
Thanks and ! Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say!,0
Pls give her the food preferably pap very slowly with loads of sugar. You can take up to an hour to give it. And then some water. Very very slowly.,0
At number Lets go to bill millers,0
Bring it if you got it,0
Hi baby ive just got back from work and i was wanting to see u allday! I hope i didnt piss u off on the phone today. If u are up give me a call xxx,0
Hey i will be really pretty late You want to go for the lesson first? I will join you. Im only reaching tp mrt,0
Hostbased IDPS for linux systems.,0
Is she replying. Has boye changed his phone number,0
Was the actual exam harder than NBME,0
After the drug she will be able to eat.,0
SMSSERVICES. for yourinclusive text credits pls goto www.comuk.net login number qxj number unsubscribe with STOP no extra charge. help number COMUK. number CM number number AE,1
That was random saw my old roomate on campus. He graduated,0
This msg is for your mobile content order It has been resent as previous attempt failed due to network error Queries to customersqueriesnetvision.uk.com,1
.photoshop makes my computer shut down.,0
we r stayin here an extra week back next wed. How did we do in the rugby this weekend? Hi to and and c u soon,0
Not tel software name,0
Pls speak with me. I wont ask anything other then you friendship.,0
Hmmm Guess we can go number kb n power yoga Haha dunno we can tahan power yoga anot Thk got lo oso forgot liao,0
Where at were hungry too,0
I think chennai well settled?,0
Sitting ard nothing to do lor. U leh busy w work?,0
Glad to see your reply.,0
Ya! when are taking ure practical lessons? I start in june,0
ltgt ISH MINUTES WAS number MINUTES AGO. WTF.,0
number New Mobiles from number MUST GO! Txt: NOKIA to No: number collect yours today!From ONLY currency number www number tc.biz number optout number gbpmtmsg number,1
Great. So should i send you my account number.,0
Some are lasting as much as number hours. You might get lucky.,0
Like I made him throw up when we were smoking in our friends car one time it was awesome,0
SMS SERVICES. for your inclusive text credits pls goto www.comuk.net login unsubscribe with STOP. no extra charge. help: number PO BOX number IP number number WE,1
S.i think he is waste for rr,0
Thats fine Ill bitch at you about it later then,0
Im still looking for a car to buy. And have not gone number the driving test yet.,0
Do you want bold number or bb torch,0
Er hello things didnt quite go to plan is limping slowly home followed by aa and with exhaust hanging off,0
Am i that much dirty fellow?,0
And popping ltgt ibuprofens was no help.,0
Cool want me to go to kappa or should I meet you outside mu,0
I though we shd go out n have some fun so bar in town or something sound ok?,0
I want to go to perumbavoor,0
Aight can you text me the address?,0
PRIVATE! Your number Account Statement for number shows number unredeemed S. I. M. points. Call number Identifier Code: number Expires number number number,1
Wow so healthy. Old airport rd lor. Cant thk of anything else. But ill b bathing my dog later.,0
gonna let me know cos comes bak from holiday that day. is coming. Dont number get number text me number.,0
URGENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you have won a currency number prize GUARANTEED. Call number Claim code K number Valid number hours only,1
In that case I guess Ill see you at campus lodge,0
Thats the trouble with classes that go well youre due a dodgey one Expecting mine tomo! See you for recovery same time same place,0
I think Im waiting for the same bus! Inform me when you get there if you ever get there.,0
And hows your husband.,0
Friendship is not a game to play It is not a word to say It doesnt start on March and ends on May It is tomorrow yesterday today and e,0
Im back amp were packing the car now Ill let you know if theres room,0
R U SAM P IN EACHOTHER. IF WE MEET WE CAN GO number MY HOUSE,0
Sunshine Hols. To claim ur med holiday send a stamped self address envelope to Drinks on Us UK PO Box number Bray Wicklow Eire. Quiz Starts Saturday! Unsub Stop,1
Can help u swoop by picking u up from wherever ur other birds r meeting if u want.,0
All done? All handed in? Celebrations in full swing yet?,0
I asked sen to come chennai and search for job.,0
I wil be there with in ltgt minutes. Got any space,0
its cool but tyler had to take off so were gonna buy for him and drop it off at his place later tonight. Our total order is a quarter you got enough?,0
Im taking derek amp taylor to walmart if Im not back by the time youre done just leave the mouse on my desk and Ill text you when priscillas ready,0
Hey. For me there is no leave on friday. Wait i will ask my superior and tell you,0
Call to the number which is available in appointment. And ask to connect the call to waheed fathima.,0
Me too baby! I promise to treat you well! I bet you will take good care of me,0
Reckon need to be in town by eightish to walk from carpark.,0
Im fine. Hope you are also,0
Loan for any purpose currency number currency number number Homeowners Tenants welcome. Have you been previously refused? We can still help. Call Free number number or text back help,1
Have a safe trip to Nigeria. Wish you happiness and very soon company to share moments with,0
U guys never invite me anywhere emoji,0
Still chance there. If you search hard you will get it let have a try emoji,0
Also remember to get dobbys bowl from your car,0
Im working technical support emoji voice process.networking field.,0
ltgt great loxahatchee xmas tree burning update: you can totally see stars here,0
U have a secret admirer who is looking number make contact with Ufind out who they Rreveal who thinks UR so specialcall on number,1
WINNER! As a valued network customer you hvae been selected to receive a currency number reward! To collect call number Valid number hours only. ACL number PM,1
In sch but neva mind u eat number st lor,0
Mmmmmm I love youso much Ahmad I cant wait for this year to begin as every second takes me closer to being at your side. Happy New Year my love!!,0
Hiya had a good day? Have you spoken to since the weekend?,0
Open rebtel with firefox. When it loads just put plus sign in the user name place and it will show you two numbers. The lower number is my number. Once you pick that number the pin will display okay!,0
Kallis wont bat in number nd innings.,0
Goal! Arsenal number (Henry number v Liverpool number Henry scores with a simple shot from number yards from a pass by Bergkamp to give Arsenal a number goal margin after number mins.,1
Ok then i will come to ur home after half an hour,0
Sad story of a Man Last week was my bday. My Wife didnt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish. As I entered my cabin my PA said Happy Bday Boss !!. I felt special. She askd me number lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there. She said do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? OK I sed in a sexy mood. She came out number minuts latr wid a cake n My Wife My Parents My Kidz My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa NAKED !,0
Check with nuerologist.,0
Thts gods gift for birds as humans hav some natural gift frm god,0
Yup Hey then one day on fri we can ask miwa and jiayin take leave go karaoke,0
Kind of. Just missed train cos of asthma attack nxt one in half hr so driving in. not sure where to park.,0
YEH I AM DEF UP number SOMETHING SATJUST GOT PAYED number DAY I HAVBEEN GIVEN A currency number PAY RISE number MY WORK HAVEBEEN MADE PRESCHOOLCOORDINATOR number I AM FEELINGOOD LUV,0
only send me the contents page,0
Aldrine rakhesh ex RTM here.pls call.urgent.,0
A boy was late number home. His father: POWER OF FRNDSHIP,0
Had your mobile number mths ? Update for FREE to Oranges latest colour camera mobiles unlimited weekend calls. Call Mobile Upd number on freefone number or number StopTxt,1
Hey babe sorry i didnt get sooner. Gary can come and fix it cause he thinks he knows what it is but he doesnt go as far a Ptbo and he says it will cost ltgt bucks. I dont know if it might be cheaper to find someone there ? We dont have any second hand machines at all right now let me know what you want to do babe,0
Dont give a monkeys wot they think and i certainly dont mind. Any friend of mineall that! Just dont sleep wiv that wud be annoyin!,0
They can try! They can get lost in fact. Tee hee,0
I got your back! Do you have any dislikes in bed?,0
U were outbid by simonwatson number on the Shinco DVD Plyr. number bid again visit sms. acsmsrewards number end bid notifications reply END OUT,1
Aight fuck it Ill get it later,0
Good day to You too.Pray for me.Remove the teeth as its painful maintaining other stuff.,0
IMPORTANT INFORMATION number ORANGE USER number XXXXXX. TODAY IS UR LUCKY DAY! number FIND OUT WHY LOG ONTO http:www.urawinner.com THERES A FANTASTIC PRIZEAWAITING YOU!,1
There are many company. Tell me the language.,0
Do you want a new Video handset? number any time any network mins? UNLIMITED TEXT? Camcorder? Reply or Call now number for del Sat AM,1
Hi. Wk been ok on hols now! Yes on for a bit of a run. Forgot that i have hairdressers appointment at four so need to get home n shower beforehand. Does that cause prob for u?,0
Forgot you were working today! Wanna chat but things are ok so drop me a text when youre free bored etc and ill ring. Hope all is well nose essay and all xx,0
Am not working but am up to eyes in philosophy so will text u later when a bit more free for chat,0
K.i didt see you. emoji k emoji where are you now?,0
Hiya probably coming home weekend after next,0
How about clothes jewelry and trips?,0
Designation is software developer and may be she get chennai emoji,0
Please give it number or i will pick it up on Tuesday evening about number if that is ok.,0
No need to say anything to me. I know i am an outsider,0
number s flirting NOW! Txt GIRL or BLOKE ur NAME AGE eg GIRL ZOE number to number to join and get chatting!,1
Dont give a flying monkeys wot they think and I certainly dont mind. Any friend of mine and all that!,0
Hi babe its Jordan how r u? Im home from abroad and lonely text me back if u wanna chat xxSP visionsms.com Text stop to stopCost number p number,1
Ok. How many should i buy.,0
Ok. So april. Cant wait,0
You are a winner you have been specially selected to receive currency number cash or a currency number award. Speak to a live operator to claim call number am number pm. Cost number p,1
PRIVATE! Your number Account Statement for number shows number unredeemed Bonus Points. To claim call number Identifier Code: number Expires,1
S emoji s.nervous ltgt emoji,0
Gr number new service live sex video chat on your mob see the sexiest dirtiest girls live on ur phone number details text horny to number to cancel send STOP to number,1
I wish that I was with you. Holding you tightly. Making you see how important you are. How much you mean to me How much I need you In my life,0
Aiyah ok wat as long as got improve can already wat,0
I need to come home and give you some good lovin,0
Hey you still want to go for yogasana? Coz if we end at cine then can go bathe and hav the steam bath,0
I wonder if your phone battery went dead ? I had to tell you I love you babe,0
Oh Lk tt den we take e one tt ends at cine lor Dun wan yogasana oso can,0
Can you do a mag meeting this avo at some point?,0
Darren was saying dat if u meeting da ge den we dun meet number dinner. Cos later u leave xy will feel awkward. Den u meet him number lunch lor.,0
will you like to be spoiled? emoji,0
Ha Then we must walk to everywhere Cannot take tram. My cousin said can walk to vic market from our hotel,0
Im in class. Will holla later,0
Thats good because I need drugs,0
In work now. Going have in few min.,0
Shopping lor. Them raining mah hard number leave orchard.,0
K u also dont msg or reply to his msg,0
He didnt see his shadow. We get an early spring yay,0
Oooh bed ridden ey? What are YOU thinking of?,0
Really? I crashed out cuddled on my sofa.,0
He is impossible to argue with and he always treats me like his sub like he never released me Which he did and I will remind him of that if necessary,0
Jordan got voted out last nite!,0
Hes an adult and would learn from the experience. Theres no real danger. I just dont like peeps using drugs they dont need. But no comment,0
Dear Subscriber ur draw number currency number gift voucher will b entered on receipt of a correct ans. When was Elvis Presleys Birthday? TXT answer to number,1
Cant. I feel nauseous. Im so pissed. I didnt eat any sweets all week cause today I was planning to pig out. I was dieting all week. And now Im not hungry :,0
IM FINE BABES AINT BEEN UP number MUCH THO! SAW SCARY MOVIE YEST ITS QUITE FUNNY! WANT number MRW AFTERNOON? AT TOWN OR MALL OR SUMTHIN?xx,0
Hmmm k but i want to change the field quickly da emoji i wanna get system administrator or network administrator,0
Just chill for another number hrs. If you could sleep the pain is not a surgical emergency so see how it unfolds. Okay,0
I was just callin to say hi. Take care bruv!,0
How to Make a girl Happy? Its not at all difficult to make girls happy. U only need to be number A friend number Companion number Lover number Chef . . . ltgt . Good listener ltgt . Organizer ltgt . Good boyfriend ltgt . Very clean ltgt . Sympathetic ltgt . Athletic ltgt . Warm . . . ltgt . Courageous ltgt . Determined ltgt . True ltgt . Dependable ltgt . Intelligent . . . ltgt . Psychologist ltgt . Pest exterminator ltgt . Psychiatrist ltgt . Healer . . ltgt . Stylist ltgt . Driver . . Aaniye pudunga venaam,0
Honeybee Said: Im d Sweetest in d World God Laughed amp Said: WaitU Havnt Met d Person Reading This Msg MORAL: Even GOD Can Crack Jokes! GMGNGEGN emoji,0
Oh i will get paid. The most outstanding one is for a commercial i did for Hasbro in AUGUST! They made us jump through so many hoops to get paid. Still not.,0
Our Prashanthettans mother passed away last night. pray for her and family.,0
Just wait till end of march when el nino gets himself. Oh.,0
Hey u still at the gym?,0
FREE RINGTONE text FIRST to number for a poly or text GET to number for a true tone! Help? number number number after number st free tones are number x currency number pw to e currency nd txt stop,1
That sucks. Ill go over so u can do my hair. Youll do it free right?,0
I will see in half an hour,0
SMS. ac JSco: Energy is high but u may not know where number channel it. number day ur leadership skills r strong. Psychic? Reply ANS wquestion. End? Reply END JSCO,1
If You mean the website. Yes.,0
Lol. Well quality aint bad at all so i aint complaining,0
Yeah we wouldnt leave for an hour at least hows number sound?,0
Tunji hows the queen? how are you doing. This is just wishing you a great day. Abiola.,0
S emoji but he had some luck number catches put down emoji,0
It doesnt make sense to take it there unless its free. If you need to know more wikipedia.com,0
Had your mobile number mths? Update to the latest CameraVideo phones for FREE. KEEP UR SAME NUMBER Get extra free minstexts. Text YES for a call,1
Well i know Z will take care of me. So no worries.,0
The current leading bid is number To pause this auction send OUT. Customer Care: number,1
Your opinion about me? number Over number Jada number Kusruthi number Lovable number Silent number Spl character number Not matured number Stylish number Simple Pls reply,0
Night has ended for another day morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng,0
You are a winner U have been specially selected number receive currency number or a number holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator number claim number pmin ( number ),1
Message Important information for O number user. Today is your lucky day! number find out why log onto http:www.urawinner.com there is a fantastic surprise awaiting you,1
Would really appreciate if you call me. Just need someone to talk to.,0
Sir waiting for your letter.,0
Im sorry. Ive joined the league of people that dont keep in touch. You mean a great deal to me. You have been a friend at all times even at great personal cost. Do have a great week.,0
YOU HAVE WON! As a valued Vodafone customer our computer has picked YOU to win a currency number prize. To collect is easy. Just call number,1
I know you are serving. I mean what are you doing now.,0
Lol or I could just starve and lose a pound by the end of the day.,0
Ill call u number mrw at ninish with my address that icky American freek wont stop callin me number bad Jen k eh?,0
You still at the game?,0
my exwife was not able to have kids. Do you want kids one day?,0
Ok lor Or u wan me go look number u?,0
Yeah thats what I thought lemme know if anythings goin on later,0
CHA QUITEAMUZING THATSCOOL BABEPROBPOP IN CU SATTHEN HUNNY number BREKKIE! LOVE JEN XXX. PSXTRA LRG PORTIONS number ME PLEASE,0
SYMPTOMS when U are in love: number U like listening songs number U get stopped where u see the name of your beloved number U wont get angry when your,0
Oh Icic K lor den meet other day,0
How are you. Its been ages. Hows abj,0
The beauty of life is in next second which hides thousands of secrets. I wish every second will be wonderful in ur life !! gud n number,0
Someone U know has asked our dating service number contact you! Cant Guess who? CALL number NOW all will be revealed. POBox number LS number HB number p,1
Boooo you always work. Just quit.,0
Just sent it. So what type of food do you like?,0
Dunno dats wat he told me. Ok lor,0
Are u coming to the funeral home,0
Its normally hot mail. Com you see!,0
I love u number babe! R u sure everything is alrite. Is he being an idiot? Txt bak girlie,0
Correct. So how was work today,0
I hope your alright babe? I worry that you might have felt a bit desparate when you learned the job was a fake ? I am here waiting when you come back my love,0
Thanks for picking up the trash.,0
God picked up a flower and dippeditinaDEW lovingly touched itwhichturnedinto u and the he gifted tomeandsaidTHIS FRIEND IS number U,0
Hi wlcome back did wonder if you got eaten by a lion or something nothing much,0
Dear we got ltgt dollars hi hi,0
Thanx number sending me home,0
Do you like Italian food?,0
K fyi Im back in my parents place in south tampa so I might need to do the deal somewhere else,0
still attending da talks?,0
Say this slowly.? GODI LOVE YOU amp I NEED YOUCLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people amp u c miracle tomorrow do itplspls do it,0
Er mw im filled tuth is aight,0
Dai i downloaded but there is only exe file which i can only run that exe after installing.,0
Send me yettys number pls.,0
Oh and by the way you do have more food in your fridge! Want to go out for a meal tonight?,0
Aiyar dun disturb u liao Thk u have lots number do aft ur cupboard come,0
If I was I wasnt paying attention,0
HEY MATE! HOWS U HONEY?DID U AVE GOOD HOLIDAY? GIMMI DE GOSS!x,0
How is my boy? No sweet words left for me this morning sighs How goes you day my love ? Did you start your studying?,0
hey looks like I was wrong and one of the kappa guys numbers is still on my phone if you want I can text him and see if hes around,0
Yar lor wait number my mum number finish sch then have lunch lor I whole morning stay at home clean my room now my room quite clean Hee,0
Sure Ill see if I can come by in a bit,0
I enjoy watching and playing football and basketball. Anything outdoors. And you?,0
Love that holiday Monday feeling even if I have to go to the dentists in an hour,0
Guess what! Somebody you know secretly fancies you! Wanna find out who it is? Give us a call on number From Landline DATEBox number EssexCM number XN number pmin number,1
I love ya too but try and budget your money better babe. Gary would freak on me if he knew,0
All e best number ur exam later.,0
Hey Thk we juz go accordin to wat we discussed yest lor except no kb on sun Cos theres nt much lesson to go if we attend kb on sat,0
Ok. Every night take a warm bath drink a cup of milk and youll see a work of magic. You still need to loose weight. Just so that you know,0
Are you plans with your family set in stone ?,0
Aight yo dats straight dogg,0
Ill get there at number unless you guys want me to come some time sooner,0
Dunno leh cant remember mayb lor. So wat time r we meeting tmr?,0
Appt is at ltTIMEgt am. Not my fault u dont listen. I told u twice,0
Oh gei. That happend to me in tron. Maybe ill dl it in number d when its out,0
Wot u up number u weirdo?,0
Depends on individual lor e hair dresser say pretty but my parents say look gong. U kaypoh I also dunno wat she collecting.,0
How dare you change my ring,0
No de. But call me after some time. Ill tell you k,0
I dont want you to leave. But im barely doing what i can to stay sane. fighting with you constantly isnt helping.,0
HI ITS KATE CAN U GIVE ME A RING ASAP XXX,0
Can do lor,0
What do you do my dog ? Must I always wait till the end of your day to have word from you ? Did you run out of time on your cell already?,0
Must come later I normally bathe him in da afternoon mah,0
ok. I am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.,0
Natalja ( number F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES number or NO number See her: www.SMS.acunat number STOP? Send STOP FRND to number,1
Show ur colours! Euro number number number number Offer! Get an England Flag number Lions tone on ur phone! Click on the following service message for info!,1
Reply to win currency number weekly! What professional sport does Tiger Woods play? Send STOP to number to end service,1
Lol thats different. I dont go trying to find every real life photo you ever took.,0
Twinks bears scallies skins and jocks are calling now. Dont miss the weekends fun. Call number at number pmin. number stop texts call number (nat rate),1
I love you. You set my soul on fire. It is not just a spark. But it is a flame. A big rawring flame. XoXo,0
Someone has contacted our dating service and entered your phone becausethey fancy you! To find out who it is call from a landline number PoBox number W number RG number p,1
Hey are we going for the lo lesson or gym?,0
Why do you ask princess?,0
Pansy! Youve been living in a jungle for two years! Its my driving you should be more worried about!,0
Come to mahal bus stop ltDECIMALgt,0
Ya ok then had dinner?,0
Unlimited texts. Limited minutes.,0
Enjoy urself tmr,0
Sorry that took so long omw now,0
Good. No swimsuit allowed emoji,0
I am in tirupur. call you da.,0
Orange customer you may now claim your FREE CAMERA PHONE upgrade for your loyalty. Call now on number number number Offer ends number thMarch. TCs apply. Optout availa,1
I will treasure every moment we spend together,0
In e msg jus now. U said thanks for gift.,0
Small problem in auction emoji punj now asking tiwary,0
Im glad. You are following your dreams.,0
Going to take your babe out ?,0
S from the training manual it show there is no tech process emoji its all about password reset and troubleshooting emoji,0
Was the farm open?,0
Sorry got a late start were on the way,0
Yes but I dont care cause I know its there!,0
Yay! You better not have told that to number other girls either.,0
Meeting u is my work. . . Tel me when shall i do my work tomorrow,0
Not heard from U number a while. Call me now am here all night with just my knickers on. Make me beg for it like U did last time number XX Luv Nikiyu number net,1
He says hi and to get your ass back to south tampa (preferably at a kegger),0
Im parked next to a MINI!!!! When are you coming in today do you think?,0
Carlos took a while (again) we leave in a minute,0
Anything lar,0
Aiyo cos i sms then neva reply so i wait number to reply lar. I tot havent finish ur lab wat.,0
Sir Waiting for your mail.,0
still got lessons? in sch?,0
Bring tat cd don forget,0
Nothing lor A bit bored too Then y dun u go home early number sleep today,0
It shall be fine. I have avalarr now. Will hollalater,0
Cps is causing the outages to conserve energy.,0
Company is very good.environment is terrific and food is really nice emoji,0
Omg you can make a wedding chapel in frontierville? Why do they get all the good stuff?,0
Dear Voucher Holder number claim your number st class airport lounge passes when using Your holiday voucher call number When booking quote number st class x number,1
The ltgt g that i saw a few days ago the guy wants sell wifi only for ltgt and with number g for ltgt . Thats why i blanked him.,0
I sent you the prices and do you mean the ltgt g,0
Hi its Kate it was lovely to see you tonight and ill phone you tomorrow. I got to sing and a guy gave me his card! xxx,0
Do u konw waht is rael FRIENDSHIP Im gving yuo an exmpel: Jsut ese tihs msg Evrey splleing of tihs msg is wrnog Bt sitll yuo can raed it wihtuot ayn mitsake GOODNIGHT amp HAVE A NICE SLEEP SWEET DREAMS,0
If you still havent collected the dough pls let me know so i can go to the place i sent it to get the control number,0
Hey sathya till now we dint meet not even a single time then how can i saw the situation sathya.,0
How abt making some of the pics bigger?,0
No probs hon! How u doinat the mo?,0
meet you in corporation st outside gap you can see how my mind is working!,0
My superior telling that friday is leave for all other department except ours emoji so it will be leave for you emoji any way call waheed fathima hr and conform it emoji,0
So what did the bank say about the money?,0
Its good well find a way,0
Whats nannys address?,0
Hi. Happy New Year. I dont mean to intrude but can you pls let me know how much tuition you paid last semester and how much this semester is. Thanks,0
Save money on wedding lingerie at www.bridal.petticoatdreams.co.uk Choose from a superb selection with national delivery. Brought to you by WeddingFriend,1
Sen told that he is going to join his uncle finance in cbe,0
The baskets gettin full so I might be by tonight,0
Yes my reg is Ciao!,0
If he started searching he will get job in few days.he have great potential and talent.,0
Ok good then i later come find C lucky i told to go earlier Later pple take finish no more again,0
comin to fetch us oredi,0
K tell me anything about you.,0
I just really need shit before tomorrow and I know you wont be awake before like number,0
I cant believe how attached I am to seeing you every day. I know you will do the best you can to get to me babe. I will go to teach my class at your midnight,0
Wow didnt think it was that common. I take it all back ur not a freak! Unless u chop it off emoji,0
Eh u remember how number spell his name Yes i did. He v naughty make until i v wet.,0
Ok i am on the way to home hi hi,0
And I dont plan on staying the night but I prolly wont be back til late,0
I jus reached home. I go bathe first. But my sis using net tell u when she finishes k,0
Welcome! Please reply with your AGE and GENDER to begin. e.g number M,1
URGENT! Your mobile No WON a currency number number Bonus Caller Prize on number number number ! This is the number nd attempt to reach YOU! Call number ASAP! BOX number N number QP number ppm,1
