text,label
Lets pool our money together and buy a bunch of lotto tickets. If we win I get ltgt u get ltgt . Deal?,0
Whats ur pin?,0
Sorryin meeting Ill call later,0
I love you !!! You know? Can you feel it? Does it make your belly warm? I wish it does my love I shall meet you in your dreams Ahmad adoring kiss,0
No calls messages missed calls,0
C movie is juz last minute decision mah. Juz watch number lar but i tot not interested.,0
Then u drive lor.,0
Aight lemme know whats up,0
Great! I hope you like your man well endowed. I am ltgt inches,0
Yep by the pretty sculpture,0
Ok lor. I ned number go toa payoh number a while number return smth u wan number send me there or wat?,0
K can I pick up another number th when youre done?,0
number days to Euro number kickoff! U will be kept informed of all the latest news and results daily. Unsubscribe send GET EURO STOP to number,1
England v Macedonia dont miss the goalsteam news. Txt ur national team to number eg ENGLAND to number Try:WALES SCOTLAND number txt number POBOXox number W number WQ number,1
I know a few people I can hit up and fuck to the yes,0
Yup n her fren lor. Im meeting my fren at number,0
Hi. Hope ur day good! Back from walk table booked for half eight. Let me know when ur coming over.,0
Sir I need AXIS BANK account no and bank address.,0
Then wat r u doing now? Busy wif work?,0
Its not the same here. Still looking for a job. How much do Tas earn there.,0
Ok no prob Ill come after lunch then,0
Printer is cool. I mean groovy. Wine is groovying,0
Kent vale lor wait number me there ar?,0
Hey mr whats the name of that bill brison book the one about language and words,0
Thanx number e brownie its v nice,0
Call Germany for only number pence per minute! Call from a fixed line via access number number number number number No prepayment. Direct access! www.telediscount.co.uk,1
NEFT Transaction with reference number ltgt for Rs. ltDECIMALgt has been credited to the beneficiary account on ltgt at ltTIMEgt : ltgt,0
Y cant u try new invention to fly im not joking.,0
I know where the ltgt is Ill be there around number,0
Thanks chikku emoji gud nyt:,0
Yeah probably but not sure. Ilol let u know but personally I wuldnt bother then again if ur goin to then I mite as well!!,0
ltgt in mca. But not conform.,0
R we going with the ltgt bus?,0
Speaking of does he have any cash yet?,0
Yeah but which is worse for i,0
About ltgt bucks. The banks fees are fixed. Better to call the bank and find out.,0
Congratulations ur awarded number of CD vouchers or number gift guaranteed Free entry number number wkly draw txt MUSIC to number TnCs www.Ldew.com number win number ppmx number age number,1
It could work well reach a consensus at the next meeting,0
Give her something to drink if she takes it and doesnt vomit then you her temp might drop. If she unmits however let me know.,0
Whats happening with you. Have you gotten a job and have you begun registration for permanent residency,0
Im going out to buy mums present ar.,0
I like to think theres always the possibility of being in a pub later.,0
Urgent! Please call number from landline. Your ABTA complimentary number Tenerife Holiday or currency number cash await collection SAE TCs Box number CW number WX number ppm,1
I am going to sao mu today. Will be done only at number,0
Its a part of checking IQ,0
Ya tel wats ur problem,0
This message is free. Welcome to the new improved Sex Dogging club! To unsubscribe from this service reply STOP. msgs number p number only,1
All day working day emoji except saturday and sunday,0
Sorry for the delay. Yes masters,0
I can do that! I want to please you both inside and outside the bedroom,0
Ups which is number days also and the shipping company that takes number wks. The other way is usps which takes a week but when it gets to lag you may have to bribe nipost to get your stuff.,0
You have got tallent but you are wasting.,0
Gam gone after outstanding innings.,0
There are some nice pubs near here or there is Frankie n Bennys near the warner cinema?,0
K k. emoji congratulation,0
Ew are you one of them?,0
Then ask dad to pick up lar wan number stay until number meh,0
Sex up ur mobile with a FREE sexy pic of Jordan! Just text BABE to number Then every wk get a sexy celeb! PocketBabe.co.uk number more pics. number currency number wk number,1
FreeMsg: Claim ur number SMS messagesText OK to number now!Use web number mobile number ur mates etc. Join Txt number com for number pwk. TC BOX number LA number WU. number . Remove txtX or stop,1
I fetch yun or u fetch?,0
I just made some payments so dont have that much. Sorry. Would you want it fedex or the other way.,0
SIX chances to win CASH! From number to number number pounds txt CSH number and send to number Cost number pday number days number TsandCs apply Reply HL number info,1
Did he just say somebody is named tampa,0
Idk. You keep saying that youre not but since he moved we keep butting heads over freedom vs. responsibility. And im tired. I have so much other shit to deal with that im barely keeping myself together once this gets added to it.,0
Please attend the phone emoji,0
Watch lor. I saw a few swatch one i thk quite ok. Ard number but i need number nd opinion leh,0
I like cheap! But im happy to splash out on the wine if it makes you feel better,0
Yes now only saw your message,0
LIFE has never been this much fun and great until you came in. You made it truly special for me. I wont forget you! enjoy one gbpsms,1
I think you should go the honesty road. Call the bank tomorrow. Its the tough decisions that make us great people.,0
Sian Aft meeting supervisor got work number do liao U working now?,0
Thanx a lot number ur help!,0
Neither in sterm voice im studying. All fine with me! Not sure the thing will be resolved tho. Anyway. Have a fab hols,0
Height of recycling: Read twice People spend time for earning money and the same money is spent for spending time!) Good morning keep smiling emoji,0
Someone U know has asked our dating service number contact you! Cant Guess who? CALL number NOW all will be revealed. PO BOX number M number number WU,1
But really quite funny lor wat Then u shd haf run shorter distance wat,0
We are both fine. Thanks,0
Haha yeah I see that now be there in a sec,0
K if u bored up just come to my home,0
Aight text me when youre back at mu and Ill swing by need somebody to get the door for me,0
U coming number pick me?,0
Fuck babe I miss you sooooo much !! I wish you were here to sleep with me My bed is so lonely I go now to sleep To dream of you my love,0
Monthly password for wap. mobsi.com is number Use your wap phone not PC.,1
Hello. Damn this christmas thing. I think i have decided to keep this mp number that doesnt work.,0
No. number Nokia Tone number ur mob every week! Just txt NOK to number number st Tone FREE ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. number ptone. number reply HL number info,1
How have your little darlings been so far this week? Need a coffee run tomo?Cant believe its that time of week already,0
U attend ur driving lesson how many times a wk n which day?,0
Aight do you still want to get money,0
Oh k.i think most of wi and nz players unsold.,0
Hey a guy I know is breathing down my neck to get him some bud anyway youd be able to get a half track to usf tonight?,0
Okie,0
Okie but i scared u say i fat Then u dun wan me already,0
I have gone into get info bt dont know what to do,0
Ok. Very good. Its all about making that money.,0
Huh i cant thk of more oredi how many pages do we have?,0
Im at home n ready,0
Havent heard anything and hes not answering my texts so Im guessing he flaked. That said the jb is fantastic,0
Hello madam how are you ?,0
goldviking ( number M) is inviting you to be his friend. Reply YES number or NO number See him: www.SMS.acugoldviking STOP? Send STOP FRND to number,1
This single single answers are we fighting? Plus i said am broke and you didnt reply,0
What i mean is do they come chase you out when its over or is it stated you can watch as many movies as you want.,0
Not directly behind Abt number rows behind,0
All will come alive.better correct any good looking figure there itself,0
I wont do anything de.,0
Good afternoon sunshine! How dawns that day ? Are we refreshed and happy to be alive? Do we breathe in the air and smile ? I think of you my love As always,0
Well im glad you didnt find it totally disagreeable Lol,0
So its to be poking man everyday that they teach you in canada abi! How are you. Just saying hi.,0
Networking job is there.,0
idc get over here you are not weaseling your way out of this shit twice in a row,0
Nah I dont think he goes to usf he lives around here though,0
Received understood n acted upon!,0
CAN I PLEASE COME UP NOW IMIN TOWN.DONTMATTER IF URGOIN OUTL number RJUST REALLYNEED number DOCD.PLEASE DONTPLEASE DONTIGNORE MYCALLSU NO THECD ISV.IMPORTANT TOME number number MORO,0
URGENT!: Your Mobile No. was awarded a currency number number Bonus Caller Prize on number number number ! This is our number nd attempt to contact YOU! Call number number number BOX number QU,1
Is toshiba portege m number gd?,0
Im home. Ard wat time will u reach?,0
Hi! This is Roger from CL. How are you?,0
G wants to know where the fuck you are,0
What are youdoing later? Sar xxx,0
Keep ur problems in ur heart bcoz nobody will fight for u. Only u amp u have to fight for ur self amp win the battle. VIVEKANAND G number t SD,0
K k emoji sms chat with me.,0
HEY KATE HOPE UR OK WILL GIVE U A BUZ WEDLUNCH. GO OUTSOMEWHERE number ADRINK IN TOWN CUD GO number WATERSHD number A BIT? PPL FROMWRK WILL BTHERE. LOVE PETEXXX.,0
Congrats kano whr s the treat maga?,0
Yes im small kid And boost is the secret of my energy,0
emoji yeah! Lol. Luckily i didnt have a starring role like you!,0
Hi i wont b ard number christmas. But do enjoy n merry xmas.,0
Just so that you knowyetunde hasnt sent money yet. I just sent her a text not to bother sending. So its over you dont have to involve yourself in anything. I shouldnt have imposed anything on you in the first place so for that i apologise.,0
Tell them the drug dealers getting impatient,0
K actually can you guys meet me at the sunoco on howard? It should be right on the way,0
I sent lanre fakeyes Eckankar details to the mail box,0
U should have made an appointment,0
I borrow ur bag ok.,0
Get the official ENGLAND poly ringtone or colour flag on yer mobile for tonights game! Text TONE or FLAG to number Optout txt ENG STOP Box number W number WX currency number,1
There is os called ubandu which will run without installing in hard disk you can use that os to copy the important files in system and give it to repair shop,0
Double eviction this week Spiral and Michael and good riddance to them!,0
Tell my bad character which u Dnt lik in me. Ill try to change in ltgt . I ll add tat number my new year resolution. Waiting for ur reply.Be frank good morning.,0
It certainly puts things into perspective when something like this happens,0
Camera You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call number fromm landline. Delivery within number days,1
Many more happy returns of the day. I wish you happy birthday.,0
Ok set let u noe e details later,0
Hi Mobile no. ltgt has added you in their contact list on www.fullonsms.com It s a great place to send free sms to people For more visit fullonsms.com,0
Yo you guys ever figure out how much we need for alcohol? Jay and I are trying to figure out how much we can safely spend on weed,0
Well. You know what i mean. Texting,0
OK im waliking ard now Do u wan me number buy anything go ur house?,0
Ive got ltgt any way I could pick up?,0
Ok no prob. Take ur time.,0
ARR birthday today emoji i wish him to get more oscar.,0
Beautiful tomorrow never comes When it comes its already TODAY In the hunt of beautiful tomorrow dont waste your wonderful TODAY GOODMORNING emoji,0
Ever green quote ever told by Jerry in cartoon A Person Who Irritates u Always Is the one Who Loves u Vry Much But Fails to Express It ! !! emoji emoji gud nyt,0
Trust me. Even if isnt there its there.,0
If you ask her or she say any please message.,0
Love it! I want to flood that pretty pussy with cum,0
Think I could stop by in like an hour or so? My roommates looking to stock up for a trip,0
I want to sent ltgt mesages today. Thats y. Sorry if i hurts,0
HELLOGORGEOUS HOWS U? MY FONE WAS ON CHARGE LST NITW WEN U TEXD ME. HOPEU AD A NICE WKEND AS IM SURE U DID LOOKIN number WARD number CIN U number MRW LUV JAZ,0
Moby Pub Quiz.Win a currency number High Street prize if u know who the new Duchess of Cornwall will be? Txt her first name to number unsub STOP currency number number SP,1
I was at bugis juz now wat But now im walking home oredi so late then reply I oso saw a top dat i like but din buy Where r now?,0
I not at home now lei,0
Peteis this your phone still? Its Jenny from college and Leanne.what are you up to now? emoji,0
would u fuckin believe it they didnt know i had thurs pre booked off so they re cancelled me AGAIN! that needs to b sacked,0
Customer service annoncement. You have a New Years delivery waiting for you. Please call number now to arrange delivery,1
Wat time wan today?,0
Ok Let u noe when i leave my house.,0
Pls accept me for one day. Or am begging you change the number.,0
What???? Hello wats talks email address?,0
Congrats. Thats great. I wanted to tell you not to tell me your score cos it might make me relax. But its motivating me so thanks for sharing,0
TaDaaaaa! I am home babe are you still up ?,0
You intrepid duo you! Have a great time and see you both soon.,0
Havent planning to buy later. I check already lido only got number show in e afternoon. U finish work already?,0
Yes emoji here tv is always available in work place,0
I see the letter B on my car,0
Guai shd haf seen him when hes naughty so free today? Can go jogging,0
Yeah I can still give you a ride,0
URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a currency number prize GUARANTEED. Call number from land line. Claim number Valid number hrs only,1
I thk gotta go home by urself. Cos ill b going out shopping number my frens present.,0
Also remember the beads dont come off. Ever.,0
Id like to tell you my deepest darkest fantasies. Call me number just number pmin. To stop texts call number (nat rate),1
Speak only when you feel your words are better than the silence Gud mrng emoji,0
Ok. Me watching tv too.,0
Im not coming over do whatever you want,0
These wont do. Have to move on to morphine,0
Im going to try for number months ha ha only joking,0
You have number new message. Please call number,1
Coffee cake i guess,0
Lol grr my mom is taking forever with my prescription. Pharmacy is like number minutes away. Ugh.,0
Lemme know when youre here,0
Just gettin a bit arty with my collages at the mo well tryin number ne way! Got a roast in a min lovely i shall enjoy that!,0
Eh sorry leh I din c ur msg. Not sad already lar. Me watching tv now. U still in office?,0
Ok. I only ask abt e movie. U wan ktv oso?,0
LOL that would be awesome payback.,0
Just arrived see you in a couple days lt number,0
Ive sent my part,0
Imagine Life WITHOUT ME see How fast u are searching me?Dont worry lm always there To disturb U Goodnoon emoji,0
No rushing. Im not working. Im in school so if we rush we go hungry.,0
cThen i thk shd b enuff Still got conclusion n contents pg n references Ill b doing da contents pg n cover pg,0
I am on the way to tirupur.,0
This is hoping you enjoyed your game yesterday. Sorry ive not been in touch but pls know that you are fondly bein thot off. Have a great week. Abiola,0
LookAtMe!: Thanks for your purchase of a video clip from LookAtMe! youve been charged number p. Think you can do better? Why not send a video in a MMSto number,1
You arent coming home between class right? I need to work out and shower!,0
Ok then ill let him noe later n ask him call u tmr,0
Send to someone else emoji,0
Living is very simple Loving is also simple Laughing is too simple Winning is tooo simple But being SIMPLE is very difficult Gud nte.:,0
Yar lor actually we quite fast Cos da ge slow wat Haha,0
Hey Something came up last min Think i wun be signing up tmr Hee,0
From someone not to smoke when every time Ive smoked in the last two weeks is because of you calling or texting me that you wanted to smoke,0
Yes princess. Toledo.,0
Love it! The girls at the office may wonder why you are smiling but sore,0
By the way make sure u get train to worc foregate street not shrub hill. Have fun night x,0
Am on a train back from northampton so im afraid not!,0
Sday only joined.so training we started today emoji,0
Yeah we do totes. When u wanna?,0
Im so in love with you. Im excited each day i spend with you. You make me so happy.,0
have good weekend.,0
Hey gorgeous man. My work mobile number is. Have a good one babe. Squishy Mwahs.,0
Mm i am on the way to railway,0
Yar else ill thk of all sorts of funny things.,0
URGENT This is our number nd attempt to contact U. Your currency number prize from YESTERDAY is still awaiting collection. To claim CALL NOW number ACL number PM,1
Total video converter free download type this in google search emoji,0
Bears Pic Nick and Tom Pete and Dick. In fact all types try gay chat with photo upload call number ( number pmin). number stop texts call number,1
Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u dnt take it seriously Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection care n luv! kettoda manda Have nice day da.,0
Stop the story. Ive told him ive returned it and hes saying i should not re order it.,0
Was actually about to send you a reminder today. Have a wonderful weekend,0
Ok Then r we meeting later?,0
HEY DAS COOL IKNOW ALL number WELLDA PERIL OF STUDENTFINANCIAL CRISIS!SPK number U L number R.,0
LOL what happens in Vegas stays in vegas,0
Aight sorry I take ten years to shower. Whats the plan?,0
This is ur face test ( number number number number number number number number number ltgt ) select any number i will tell ur face astrology . am waiting. quick reply,0
Ok both our days. So what are you making for dinner tonite? Am I invited?,0
Tone Club: Your subs has now expired number resub reply MONOC number monos or POLYC number polys number weekly number p per week Txt STOP number stop This msg free Stream number,1
If you dont respond imma assume youre still asleep and imma start calling n shit,0
Ofcourse I also upload some songs,0
Hi its Kate how is your evening? I hope i can see you tomorrow for a bit but i have to bloody babyjontet! Txt back if u can. emoji xxx,0
Any chance you might have had with me evaporated as soon as you violated my privacy by stealing my phone number from your employers paperwork. Not cool at all. Please do not contact me again or I will report you to your supervisor.,0
Oh god taken the teeth?is it paining,0
Prabha im soryda realy frm heart im sory,0
Oops am at my mums in somerset Bit far! Back tomo see you soon x,0
Ive been searching for the right words to thank you for this breather. I promise i wont take your help for granted and will fulfil my promise. You have been wonderful and a blessing at all times.,0
(And my man carlos is definitely coming by mu tonight no excuses),0
Anything lor if they all go then i go lor,0
What is important is that you prevent dehydration by giving her enough fluids,0
And is there a way you can send shades stuff to her. And she has been wonderful too.,0
HouseMaid is the murderer coz the man was murdered on ltgt th January As public holiday all govt.instituitions are closedincluding post office,0
BIG BROTHER ALERT! The computer has selected u for number k cash or number voucher. Call number NTT PO Box CRO number number BT Landline Cost number ppm mobiles vary,1
Went to ganesh dress shop,0
Just havent decided where yet eh ?,0
My stomach has been thru so much trauma I swear I just cant eat. I better lose weight.,0
Why is that princess? I bet the brothas are all chasing you!,0
Let me know how it changes in the next number hrs. It can even be appendix but you are out of that age range. However its not impossible. So just chill and let me know in number hrs,0
FREE entry into our currency number weekly comp just send the word WIN to number NOW. number TC www.txttowin.co.uk,1
Thanks for understanding. Ive been trying to tell sura that.,0
Talk to g and x about that,0
Aight call me once youre close,0
Forwarded from number Hi this is your Mailbox Messaging SMS alert. You have number matches. Please call back on number to retrieve your messages and matches cc number pmin,1
Are you comingdown later?,0
I doubt you could handle number times per night in any case,0
Ive sent my wife your text. After we buy them shell tell you what to do. So just relax. We should go get them this wkend.,0
I noe la U wana pei bf oso rite K lor other days den,0
Feel Yourself That You Are Always Happy Slowly It Becomes Your Habit amp Finally It Becomes Part Of Your Life Follow It Happy Morning amp Have A Happy Day emoji,0
And stop being an old man. You get to build snowman snow angels and snowball fights.,0
No management puzzeles.,0
Wait do you know if wesleys in town? I bet she does hella drugs!,0
Which is weird because I know I had it at one point,0
Yo chad which gymnastics class do you wanna take? The site says Christians class is full,0
S but not able to sleep.,0
Slept? I thinkThis time ( ltgt pm) is not dangerous,0
I went to ur hon lab but no one is there.,0
Filthy stories and GIRLS waiting for your,1
Ok thats cool. Its just off either raglan rd or edward rd. Behind the cricket ground. Gimme ring when ur closeby see you tuesday.,0
Youve already got a flaky parent. Itsnot supposed to be the childs job to support the parent not until theyre The Ride age anyway. Im supposed to be there to support you. And now ive hurt you. unintentional. But hurt nonetheless.,0
We don call like ltgt times oh. No give us hypertension oh.,0
says the ltgt year old with a man and money. Im down to my last ltgt . Still waiting for that check.,0
He is there. You call and meet him,0
Argh my number g is spotty anyway the only thing I remember from the research we did was that province and sterling were the only problemfree places we looked at,0
Howz that persons story,0
Got it mail panren paru,0
number days to kick off! For Euro number U will be kept up to date with the latest news and results daily. To be removed send GET TXT STOP to number,1
Eh u send wrongly lar,0
Hi da emoji how is the todays class?,0
Are your freezing ? Are you home yet ? Will you remember to kiss your mom in the morning? Do you love me ? Do you think of me ? Are you missing me yet ?,0
I want to see your pretty pussy,0
Super msg da emoji nalla timing.,0
Shall call now dear having food,0
U still havent got urself a jacket ah?,0
All done all handed in. Dont know if mega shop in asda counts as celebration but thats what im doing!,0
So hows scotland. Hope you are not over showing your JJC tendencies. Take care. Live the dream,0
Chk in ur belovd ms dict,0
So the sun is anti sleep medicine.,0
No da today also i forgot,0
Sry da jst nw only i came to home,0
SMS. ac Blind Date number U!: Rodds number is number m from Aberdeen United Kingdom. Check Him out http:img. sms. acWicmb number cktz number r number ! number no Blind Dates send HIDE,1
URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a currency number prize GUARANTEED. Call number from land line. Claim C number Valid number hrs only,1
Once a fishrman woke early in d mrng. It was very dark. He waited a while amp found a sack ful of stones. He strtd throwin thm in number d sea number pass time. Atlast he had jus number stone sun rose up amp he found out tht those r nt stones those were diamonds. Moral:Dont wake up early in d mrng GOOD night,0
Babe ! What are you doing ? Where are you ? Who are you talking to ? Do you think of me ? Are you being a good boy? Are you missing me? Do you love me ?,0
What happen to her tell the truth,0
Yo theres no class tmrw right?,0
Yeah we got one lined up for us,0
When u wana see it then,0
S.s emoji i thinl role is like sachin.just standing. Others have to hit.,0
For fear of fainting with the of all that housework you just did? Quick have a cuppa,0
Haha my friend tyler literally just asked if you could get him a dubsack,0
Hi Harishs rent has been transfred to ur Acnt.,0
Captain is in our room emoji,0
I cant keep going through this. It was never my intention to run you out but if you choose to do that rather than keep the room clean so I dont have to say no to visitors then maybe thats the best choice. Yes I wanted you to be embarassed so maybe youd feel for once how I feel when i have a friend who wants to drop buy and i have to say no as happened this morning. Ive tried everything. I dont know what else to do.,0
Miss call miss call khelate kintu opponenter miss call dhorte lage. Thats d rule. One with great phone receiving quality wins.,0
number number currency number UK Break AccommodationVouchers terms conditions apply. number claim you mustprovide your claim number which is number,1
U too,0
I am hot n horny and willing I live local to you text a reply to hear strt back from me number p per msg Netcollex LtdHelpDesk: number reply Stop to end,1
THATS ALRITE GIRL U KNOW GAIL IS NEVA WRONG!!TAKE CARE SWEET AND DONT WORRY.C U L number TR HUN!LOVE Yaxxx,0
Havent mus ask if u can number st wat. Of meet number lunch den u n him meet can already lor. Or u wan number go ask da ge number st then confirm w me asap?,0
Lol for real. She told my dad I have cancer,0
Its a site to simulate the test. It just gives you very tough questions to test your readiness.,0
Dear Voucher Holder To claim this weeks offer at you PC please go to http:www.etlp.co.ukreward. TsCs apply.,1
Thk some of em find wtc too far Weiyi not goin E rest i dunno yet R ur goin number dinner den i might b able to join,0
Carlos is taking his sweet time as usual so let me know when you and patty are donewant to smoke and Ill tell him to haul ass,0
Its fine imma get a drink or somethin. Want me to come find you?,0
Finish already Yar they keep saying i mushy I so embarrassed ok,0
But i haf enuff space got like number mb,0
I wasnt well babe i have swollen glands at my throat What did you end up doing ?,0
As per your request Maangalyam (Alaipayuthe) has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press number to copy your friends Callertune,0
I see a cup of coffee animation,0
Todays Voda numbers ending with number are selected to receive a currency number reward. If you have a match please call number quoting claim code number standard rates apply.,1
number lor Change number suntec Wat time u coming?,0
You have an important customer service announcement. Call FREEPHONE number number number now!,1
I got another job! The one at the hospital doing data analysis or something starts on monday! Not sure when my thesis will got finished,0
Aiyar sorry lor forgot number tell u,0
Here got lots of hair dresser fr china.,0
ELLO BABE U OK?,0
Hey mate. Spoke to the mag people. Were on. the is deliver by the end of the month. Deliver on the number th sept. Talk later.,0
Hello.How u doing?What u been up number ?When will u b moving out of the flat cos I will need to arrange to pick up the lamp etc. Take care. Hello caroline!,0
Im sorry bout last nite it wasnt ur fault it was me spouse it was pmt or sumthin! U number give me? I think u shldxxxx,0
U should make a fb list,0
Done it but internet connection v slow and cant send it. Will try again later or first thing tomo.,0
I wont get concentration dear you know you are my mind and everything emoji,0
Bring home some Wendy D,0
Networking technical support associate.,0
I realise you are a busy guy and im trying not to be a bother. I have to get some exams outta the way and then try the cars. Do have a gr number day,0
FreeMsg Hey there darling its been number weeks now and no word back! Id like some fun you up for it still? Tb ok! XxX std chgs to send currency number to rcv,1
Umma my life and vava umma love you lot dear,0
takin linear algebra today?,0
Been up to ne thing interesting. Did you have a good birthday? When are u wrking nxt? I started uni today.,0
No message no responce what happend?,0
Want to finally have lunch today?,0
No messages on her phone. Im holding it now,0
Quite late lar Ard number anyway i wun b drivin,0
Babe ? I lost you Will you try rebooting ?,0
Nope but ill b going number sch on fri quite early lor cos mys sis got paper in da morn emoji,0
When you guys planning on coming over?,0
Discussed with your mother ah?,0
Call me i am senthil from hsbc.,0
Awesome plan to get here any time after like ltgt Ill text you details in a wee bit,0
Wanna get laid number nite? Want real Dogging locations sent direct to ur mobile? Join the UKs largest Dogging Network. Txt PARK to number now! Nyt. ec number a. number lp currency number msg,1
Im tired of arguing with you about this week after week. Do what you want and from now on ill do the same.,0
Sorry I cant help you on this.,0
Yes princess. Are you going to make me moan?,0
Ugh just got outta class,0
Been running but only managed number minutes and then needed oxygen! Might have to resort to the roller option!,0
Ok i juz receive,0
My sister got placed in birla soft da emoji,0
Its just the effect of irritation. Just ignore it,0
Not yet chikku going to room nw im in bus,0
ALRITE,0
Hai dear friends This is my new amp present number emoji By Rajitha Raj (Ranju),0
Ummma.will call after check in.our life will begin from qatar so pls pray very hard.,0
Where can download clear movies. Dvd copies.,0
Havent eaten all day. Im sitting here staring at this juicy pizza and I cant eat it. These meds are ruining my life.,0
Just sent you an email to an address with incomm in it is that right?,0
Alright well bring it to you see you in like ltgt mins,0
yeah sure thing mate haunt got all my stuff sorted but im going sound anyway promoting hex for .by the way who is this? dont know number. Joke,0
HMM yeah if your not too grooved out! And im looking forward to my pound special emoji,0
Best msg: Its hard to be with a person when u know that one more step foward will make u fall in love amp One step back can ruin ur friendship good night emoji,0
Every monday nxt week vl be completing,0
Tell where you reached,0
Gud ni number swt drms.take care,0
called dad oredi,0
Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng musthu,0
There is a first time for everything emoji,0
Not for possession especially not first offense,0
December only! Had your mobile number mths? You are entitled to update to the latest colour camera mobile for Free! Call The Mobile Update VCo FREE on number,1
Well join the ltgt bus,0
Me i dont know again oh,0
The monthly amount is not that terrible and you will not pay anything till number months after finishing school.,0
Where are you ? What are you doing ? Are yuou working on getting the pc to your moms ? Did you find a spot that it would work ? I need you,0
Hello baby did you get back to your moms ? Are you setting up the computer now ? Filling your belly ? How goes it loverboy ? I miss you already sighs,0
In xam hall boy asked girl Tell me the starting term for dis answer I can den manage on my own After lot of hesitation n lookin around silently she said THE! intha ponnungale ipaditan),0
Goodmorning today i am late for number hr.,0
No shoot me. Im in the docs waiting room. :,0
dun need to pick ur gf?,0
Y de asking like this.,0
Alex says hes not ok with you not being ok with it,0
Yo my trip got postponed you still stocked up?,0
Nvm its ok,0
Where did u go? My phone is gonna die you have to stay in here,0
Nothing really just making sure everybodys up to speed,0
Sorry da today i wont come to play i have driving clas,0
cmon babe make me horny turn me on! Txt me your fantasy now babe ) Im hot sticky and need you now. All replies cost currency number . number cancel send STOP,1
You have won a guaranteed currency number award or even currency number cashto claim UR award call free on number ( number ) number stop getstop on number PHP,1
Anything lor. Juz both of us lor.,0
My battery is low babe,0
Its only currency number ard rest all ard currency number at least Which is price number number bedrm ( currency number ),0
Yup its at paragon I havent decided whether number cut yet Hee,0
Well I have to leave for my class babe You never came back to me emoji Hope you have a nice sleep my love,0
My tuition is at number Hm we go for the number to number one? Do you mind?,0
WIN URGENT! Your mobile number has been awarded with a currency number prize GUARANTEED call number from land line. claim number valid number hrs only number ppm,1
You please give us connection today itself before ltDECIMALgt or refund the bill,0
network operator. The service is free. For T Cs visit number biz,1
Cool. Do you like swimming? I have a pool and jacuzzi at my house.,0
Anyway seriously hit me up when youre back because otherwise I have to light up with armand and he always has shit andor is vomiting,0
JADE ITS PAUL. Y DIDNT U TXT ME? DO U REMEMBER ME FROM BARMED? I WANT number TALK number U! TXT ME,0
Nope. Since ayo travelled he has forgotten his guy,0
oh ya Got hip hop open. Haha i was thinking can go for jazz then zoom to cine Actually tonight im free leh And theres a kb lesson tonight,0
Your dad is back in ph?,0
I meant middle left or right?,0
URGENT! You have won a number week FREE membership in our currency number number Prize Jackpot! Txt the word: CLAIM to No: number TC www.dbuk.net LCCLTD POBOX number LDNW number A number RW number,1
I dunno they close oredi not v ma fan,0
Oops I did have it ltgt ?,0
Eh ur laptop got no stock lei He say mon muz come again to take a look c got a not,0
Will it help if we propose going back again tomorrow,0
Raviyog Peripherals bhayandar east,0
Crazy ar hes married. like gd looking guys not me. My frens like say hes korean leonas fave but i dun thk he is. Aft some thinking mayb most prob ill go.,0
Ok lor Sony ericsson salesman I ask shuhui then she say quite gd number use so i considering,0
If e timing can then i go w u lor,0
Then why you came to hostel.,0
Petey boy whereare you me and all your friendsare in theKingshead come down if you canlove Nic,0
When you came to hostel.,0
I liked your new house,0
Do you know why god created gap between your fingers ? So that One who is made for you comes amp fills those gaps by holding your hand with LOVE !,0
No way Im going back there!,0
Good afternoon babe. How goes that day ? Any job prospects yet ? I miss you my love sighs emoji,0
At home also.,0
Did u find a sitter for kaitlyn? I was sick and slept all day yesterday.,0
Hiya sorry didnt hav signal. I havent seen or heard from and neither has which is unusual in itself! Ill put on the case and get him to sort it out! Hugs and snogs.,0
number Congratulations in this weeks competition draw u have won the currency number prize to claim just call number b number TCsstop SMS number Over number only number ppm,1
I pocked you up there before,0
is your hamster dead? Hey so tmr i meet you at number pm orchard mrt?,0
Nope but im going home now then go pump petrol lor Like going number rain soon,0
Good morning my boytoy! Hows those yummy lips ? Wheres my sexy buns now ? What do you do ? Do you think of me ? Do you crave me ? Do you need me ?,0
For your chance to WIN a FREE Bluetooth Headset then simply reply back with ADP,1
Free tones Hope you enjoyed your new content. text stop to number to unsubscribe. help: number p Provided by tones number you.co.uk,1
Not yet. Just id like to keep in touch and it will be the easiest way to do that from barcelona. By the way how ru and how is the house?,0
Yeah do! Dont stand to close tho youll catch something!,0
Take some small dose tablet for fever,0
No Im in the same boat. Still here at my moms. Check me out on yo. Im half naked.,0
Tell rob to mack his gf in the theater,0
So i asked hows anthony. Dad. And your bf,0
Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country the Algarve is in? Txt ansr to number currency number SP:Tyrone,1
Actually I decided I was too hungry so I havent left yet :V,0
For The First Time In The History Need Comfort And Luxury Are Sold At Same Price In India !! OnionRs. ltgt PetrolRs. ltgt BeerRs. ltgt SHESIL ltgt,0
R comin back for dinner?,0
Boy I love u Grl: Hogolo Boy: gold chain kodstini Grl: Agalla Boy: necklace madstini Grl: agalla Boy: Hogli number mutai eerulli kodthini! Grl: I love U kano),0
You are a very very very very bad girl. Or lady.,0
I dont know ask to my brother. Nothing problem some thing that. Just i told .,0
Aight Ive been set free think you could text me blakes address? It occurs to me Im not quite as sure what Im doing as I thought I was,0
Ok Chinese food on its way. When I get fat youre paying for my lipo.,0
Uncle Abbey! Happy New Year. Abiola,0
Not really dude have no friends im afraid emoji,0
It has issues right now. Ill fix for her by tomorrow.,0
Night sweet sleep well! Ive just been to see The Exorcism of Emily Rose and may never sleep again! Hugs and snogs!,0
Hi here. have birth at on the to at number lb number oz. Mother and baby doing brilliantly.,0
number Tension face number Smiling face number Waste face number Innocent face number Terror face number Cruel face number Romantic face number Lovable face number decent face ltgt .joker face.,0
That means get the door,0
Aight let me know when youre gonna be around usf,0
Cool text me when youre parked,0
Sun cant come to earth but send luv as rays. cloud cant come to river but send luv as rain. I cant come to meet U but can send my care as msg to U. Gud evng,0
Yup i shd haf ard number pages if i add figures all got how many pages?,0
Cool we shall go and see have to go to tip anyway. Are you at home got something to drop in later? So lets go to town tonight! Maybe mum can take us in.,0
K give back my thanks.,0
Fine i miss you very much.,0
This phone has the weirdest auto correct.,0
Hi this is Amy we will be sending you a free phone number in a couple of days which will give you an access to all the adult parties,1
Just checking in on you. Really do miss seeing Jeremiah. Do have a great month,0
They didt play one day last year know even though they have very good team Like india.,0
New TEXTBUDDY Chat number horny guys in ur area number just number p Free number receive Search postcode or at gaytextbuddy.com. TXT ONE name to number number rpl Stop number cnl,1
Not thought bout it Drink in tap spile at seven. Is that pub on gas st off broad st by canal. Ok?,0
Waiting in e car number my mum lor. U leh? Reach home already?,0
Well thats nice. Too bad i cant eat it,0
No pic. Please resend.,0
Omg it could snow here tonite!,0
Well I meant as opposed to my drunken night of before,0
Just checked out heading out to drop off my stuff now,0
Haha dont be angry with yourself Take it as a practice for the real thing. ),0
Okay We wait ah,0
Havent.,0
I am number ft. We will be a good combination!,0
May i call You later Pls,0
Ma head dey swell oh. Thanks for making my day,0
Hey Boys. Want hot XXX pics sent direct number ur phone? Txt PORN to number number Hrs free and then just number p per day. To stop text STOPBCM SF WC number N number XX,1
Just buy a pizza. Meat lovers or supreme. U get to pick.,0
U really pig leh sleep so much. My dad wake me up at number smth number eat lunch today.,0
Yes. that will be fine. Love you. Be safe.,0
Aight you close by or still down around alexs place?,0
CLAIRE here am havin borin time am now alone U wanna cum over number nite? Chat now number hope number C U Luv CLAIRE xx Calls currency number minmoremobsEMSPOBox number PO number WA,1
Do have a nice day today. I love you so dearly.,0
Had your mobile number mths ? Update for FREE to Oranges latest colour camera mobiles unlimited weekend calls. Call Mobile Upd number on freefone number or number StopTx,1
So anyways you can just go to your gym or whatever my love smiles I hope your ok and having a good day babe I miss you so much already,0
You available now? Im like right around hillsborough amp ltgt th,0
When should I come over?,0
Babe have you got enough money to pick up bread and milk ? And Ill give you it back when you get home ?,0
Ambrith madurai met u in arun dha marrge remembr?,0
what are your new years plans?,0
Two fundamentals of cool life: Walk like you are the KING ! OR Walk like you Dont carewhoever is the KING! Gud nyt,0
That seems unnecessarily hostile,0
Hard LIVE number chat just number pmin. Choose your girl and connect LIVE. Call number now! Cheap Chat UKs biggest live service. VU BCM number WC number N number XX,1
Have you bookedthe hut? And also your time off? How are you by the way?,0
Pls come quick cant bare this.,0
Left dessert. U wan me number go suntec look number u?,0
Also sir i sent you an email about how to log into the usc payment portal. I.ll send you another message that should explain how things are back home. Have a great weekend.,0
SMS AUCTION A BRAND NEW Nokia number is up number auction today! Auction is FREE number join take part! Txt NOKIA to number now!,1
Are you free now?can i call now?,0
Just got up. have to be out of the room very soon. . i hadnt put the clocks back til at number i shouted at everyone to get up and then realised it was number wahay. another hour in bed.,0
Sounds gd Haha Can Wah u yan jiu so fast liao,0
Today im not workin but not free oso Gee Thgt u workin at ur frens shop ?,0
Ok i am on the way to railway,0
number Free Top Polyphonic Tones call number National Rate. Get a toppoly tune sent every week just text SUBPOLY to number currency number per pole. UnSub number,1
